docs: tools should only interpret a line starting with `{` as JSON (#14677)
rust-lang/cargo: src/doc/src/reference/external-tools.md

as the `--package` argument to many commands. The syntax grammar can be found in
chapter [Package ID Specifications].

> > **Note:** Not all output is guaranteed to be in JSON format with the `--message-format=json` option.
> > For example, output from procedural macros and logs from external tools may appear in plain text.
> > Tools should only interpret a line as JSON if it starts with `{`.
> 

Reviewer: I think I'd prefer we don't bless mixed output as much as this makes it sound like it.

Maybe instead
```suggestion
> **Note:** `--message-format=json` only controls Cargo and Rustc's output.  This cannot control the output of other tools, e.g. `cargo run --message-format=json`.  A possible workaround in these situations is to only interpret a line as JSON if it starts with `{`.

```

Author: Applied your suggestion with a mention of proc macros. I think it is still worth since proc macros are not seen as “other tools” and people may not realize immediately.

Reviewer: Yeah, they are a nother of those "outside of the control of cargo/rustc" things that are worth calling out
